---
layout: post
title: "Collier"
date: 2019-01-25
excerpt: "Arcade-style Android App with all assets developed within a 24 hour timeframe."
tags: [game,unity,collier,hackathon,android,app]
comments: false
---
{% capture images %}
    https://challengepost-s3-challengepost.netdna-ssl.com/photos/production/software_photos/000/722/457/datas/gallery.jpg
{% endcapture %}

{% include gallery images=images caption="" cols=1 %}
### Summary
Published to the Google Play Store in Dec 2018, Built in 24 hours for the 2018 MadHacks Competition. Winner of the Judge's Choice award for the event.

Play as the Collier, a sword-wielding dog on a mission to free a village from demons and monsters!

Jump between walls using flick motion-controls, crushing your enemies and avoiding perilous traps along the way. Make it to the bottom of each mountain, and you'll receive a score based on your performance throughout the level.

### Screenshots

{% capture images %}
	https://challengepost-s3-challengepost.netdna-ssl.com/photos/production/software_photos/000/722/471/datas/gallery.jpg
    https://challengepost-s3-challengepost.netdna-ssl.com/photos/production/software_photos/000/722/432/datas/gallery.jpg
    https://challengepost-s3-challengepost.netdna-ssl.com/photos/production/software_photos/000/722/469/datas/gallery.jpg
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="Collier Gameplay" cols=3 %}

### Development Information

The bulk of coding was done by Evans Chen and Skylyn Worzala, with concept, outline, art, and code polish done by Savannah Mann. The project was planned for an developed at the UW-Madison hosted hackathon, MadHacks, in Fall 2018. Initial planning for the project began 3 weeks earlier, with concept art sketches and mechanics discussed before entering the competition. Over the course of 24 hours, the entire game (and all assets and animations) was made and tested. After placing in the event, the app was then refined for release, and put out on the Google Play store in Dec 2018 with 5 levels available to players.

#### Software Used: 
***Engine:*** Unity (C#)
***Art:*** Piskel (Pixel Art Editor, Browser-based, Free)


